#  HSBC UK Business (is 💩 so here is a) Scraper

I have no words to accurately describe my feelings about the abomination that is the hsbc.co.uk business website.

##  Wut?

Every year I need to download my statements for my tax return.

For several years I've foolishly assumed that this year, this f@cking year, it might actually be possible for an HSBC customer to download a single CSV file of all the previous financial year's transactions in a single click.

I've now come to accept that we will have humans bouncing around on Mars before this feature is even given a second thought.

##  So what does this do?

It 'scrapes' the hsbc.co.uk business website by logging in as you and then performing the ridiculous dance of clicks and form submissions required to get some CSV statement links, which it then downloads and concatenates into a single csv file called `all.csv`.

## How do I use it?

* `yarn`

* rename `.env.example` to `.env` and replace the vars. SECURITY_CODE is the number generated by your secure key (hold down green, put in your PIN, press green again)

* `node src/index.js`

Then watch the root folder and your terminal. It'll log some stuff, spit out some PNGs and hopefully, if everything is working, will create a file called `all.csv` and continually prepending statements to it until it runs out of line-items to find.

##  FAQ

###  You keep slagging off hsbc.co.uk but this code is a joke

Fair point... but consider this... I'm just some dude who has knocked this together (mostly fuelled by rage and bourbon) in a couple of hours vs a multi-billion dollar bank.

###  Can I trust you/this?

Honestly? Hell no. You shouldn't trust anyone or anything online. The code is all in `src/index.js`, look over it yourself. Go on, I'll wait. If you don't understand it then for god's sake please don't use it. If you do, but don't like what it's doing then change it! Ah, good old OpenSource™.

###  Will you be updating this?

Doubt it. I won't need be needing to get my statements like this until my next tax return and by then I'm hoping to have parted ways with this useless bank. Crypto is the future my friends.
